[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi.
I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard,
host of "Mystery Teachings,"
and today, I'm
going to guide you
on a meditation with the
archetype of the Fool.
Now meditating on the
Fool helps us to connect
to our original spirit.
It also helps us to take
leaps of faith in life
and gain greater trust in
divine wisdom to guide us.
Now for the purposes
of this journey,
we want to focus on the
Universal Waite Tarot Deck
only.
When you get a new deck, the
first thing that you want to do
is take those cards
out of the plastic
and out of the box
that they come in,
and then place them
somewhere high in your home,
like up on a high shelf.
And leave them there for 72
hours so they can breathe.
This calls an
energy from above it
and infuses it into the deck.
After that initial
72 hours, then you
may start working with them.
Now when you're not
working with them,
the best way to store them is to
keep them wrapped in silk, not
in the box that they came in.
Once we have our deck,
we're now ready to use
the imagery of the Major Arcana
as windows into the soul.
And the goal is to now
build up these forms
within our own mind.
So we'll be looking at each of
the images of the tarot cards.
We're going to study
them each one at a time
and we take all the details in.
As we then study
it, we want to then
be able to recreate
it inside of us
and work with it in our mind.
We're going to use our
active imagination,
engaging all five senses to let
that imagery and the characters
come to life within us.
We can ask them questions
and receive insights.
Then the next step
is that we want
to do something called
assuming the archetypal form.
We're going to merge
with the character,
we're going to become it.
So once you're ready
to start this process
and work with the cards,
begin with the Fool.
Find the Fool card in
the deck and take it out.
Place this card in front
of you at eye level.
Now if you have something like
a meditation stool or a cushion,
you can sit on that
in front of a table
and place the card
upright on the table.
Try to get it at eye level.
Then get yourself into
a relaxed position,
a light, meditative state, relax
your body, empty your mind,
and make sure that you're
in a positive or at least
a neutral state of
being while you do this,
meaning don't have
anything disturbing you
mentally or emotionally.
Once you're ready, look at
the image of the Fool card
for awhile, about 10
minutes with your eyes open.
Study its imagery
and its symbolism.
Take in all the details.
We'll remain silent now
for the next five minutes
as we now meditate on the
symbolism of the card.
Take it inside and work with
it in your mind for another 10
minutes with your eyes closed.
Once the image is firmly
established in your mind,
let it come to life.
Just observe it for a while.
Feel the energy that
the Fool emanates.
Watch how the Fool
behaves and moves.
And after you've observed
the Fool for a while,
next, you want to
merge with the Fool.
Become the Fool.
See yourself being the Fool.
See yourself taking
on this behavior.
See yourself being in the pose,
having this energy emanating
its vibrant light, having
that sense of playfulness.
Take your time with
this and really sink
into this experience.
Let it fully come
alive within you.
And at some point, when you feel
integrated with this energy,
you're going to stand
up and physically take
on the posture of the Fool.
You can imagine
having your arms out
and imagine like a staff
in your right hand resting
on your shoulder, and
then the left hand
is holding the white rose.
And you're taking one step
forward with the right foot,
and your gaze is up
out into the distance.
So take on this
position physically
and assume the form of the Fool.
When you're in this
position, you're
going to state this
affirmation out loud--
I am the spirit of the ether.
I trust in divine
wisdom to guide me.
The other thing we
want to do is then
bring these energies
into our life
and express them
outwardly, which
is something that we
can do in multiple ways.
For example with the Fool, go
do something playful and joyful.
Let down your
guard and be silly,
be lighthearted or carefree.
See the world with the
eyes of wonder and optimism
again, like you did
when you were a child.
Other things you can do are
bring the primary colors
into your environment
or your dress.
The Fool's main
color is yellow, so
wear some bright pale yellow.
Keep working with those
affirmations daily as well.
And the meditation itself,
meditating with the Fool
archetype, taking it in,
building it inside your mind,
assuming the form,
saying the affirmation,
all of these things
are things that we
can do on a daily basis.
Working also,
contemplating the meaning
of the card, the
images, the symbols,
looking deeper into every
little aspect of the card,
and considering
and contemplating
how it applies to life.
Another thing to do is
watch for the archetype
to appear in your dreams.
The more you're actively
engaging with it
in a conscious
way, the more it's
going to show up and
give you messages
during your dream time, so pay
attention to those messages.
Also, really pay
attention to a notice
acknowledge how you embody the
strengths and the weaknesses
of each archetype.
Consciously work to make
improvements in those areas
where you might be expressing
the weaknesses or the shadow
aspects.
And also realize that when
we're working with archetypes,
in this way, and
we're invoking them,
they will set forces
in motion in your life.
So if you want to really
engage with this experience,
then commit to seeing
it all the way through.
Work with each key as we
go in the proper order
during this season.
Don't skip steps,
don't half-ass it.
Really give it your attention.
When we draw an image
inside of us like this
and then assume its
form, it affects us down
to a cellular and atomic level.
It starts creating
something new inside of us.
And as we work with all the
cards in their proper sequence,
it ultimately
reorganizes our soul
and it creates a new
system within us.
And ultimately, they become
innate, active expressions
of our own energies.
And this is a process
of building up
what we call the magical
body, or a new, more conscious
version of ourselves.
And through it, we can manifest
more of our full potential
and multi-dimensional essence.
Join me again, as
we explore further
into the 22 Archetypes
of Tarot and how
they can help us to make our
big shift in consciousness.
[MUSIC PLAYING]